so
mama morning star is on the loose i
never could break that woman
she wouldn't submit they got pissed off
and tossed me out of the house
and what did your mother do she just
stood there and let it happen a couple
of thousand years later dad kicked her
out too
so i did the same for her as she did for
me zilch
what are you doing here i've been
demoted i've been reassigned to assist
on cases
mom how many he wants to take you back
to hell
and he doesn't break deals i want what
your father took from me all right you
can stay just until i figure out what i
need to do
i need to figure out where i fit in in
this world i need some space
i did make a promise i told you that you
could stay here until i figured out how
to reconcile my deal with dad
and now i have you shall remain right
here
on earth you were right before we've
been living in the past for too long
it's time we get a divorce so we're so
good to be roomies right what are you
talking about roomies we shook on it
you made a deal to return mom to hell in
exchange
chloe's life was spared you still
haven't delivered on your end of the
bargain existing
in this punishment allows me to be
closer to my family
if you're so concerned why don't you
just fly mum back to hell because i
can't
what if dad decides
you and detective decca i think it's
gonna be fine with a
short adjustment period you mean hello
brother you're real
you have 24 hours or i'll finish what i
started with your detective that's
azrael's blade you're not planning on
taking mom back to hell
uriel is here he's after chloe or that
[ __ ] you call mom
well worry not because uriel won't be a
problem we have a nuclear weapon
because you made it so difficult now i'm
gonna take out mom
and the detective i killed him
seriously tell me what do you actually
want my father was a cop he was a great
cop i really do want to help people
to be honest with me about who you are
no more lies
very well
i don't care much for my dad but you
clearly care about yours
i think he would be proud of you but
this is where lucifer buried your
brother
why did he do this no mom not lucifer
father
if he wanted to he could have prevented
all of this from happening what are you
doing here
charlotte richards the defense attorney
thought i'd dive into my employment
humans are dying because of you i'm
stronger than you think
we're good right yeah really good we can
be there for each other as friends
even if it's about another guy i was
worried i'd never see you again i've had
patients who've revealed a new side
of themselves but not so much the actual
devil we shouldn't be here the only
place i've ever felt
wanted or respected he's here with
humanity
this is my home deal with it never
killed joe fields killed my father well
you think the warden did it
this man killed my father seem attached
to these creatures and i
can't figure out why i was pretty
surprised when you called me you are
fairly attractive
father you tore apart my family i can
get you whatever you want
all i want is for you to know that john
decker's kid
got you you want perry to go to jail
call lucifer a liar
a liar your father put her here in this
first path
it means chloe's not an obstacle geez i
will get it all
back lucifer is not a liar he is the
best partner i have ever had and i can
only hope that
he can count on me as much as i count on
him
i know you had boris killed and john
decker oh
such a shame there's no evidence right
you see the russians they don't like it
when one of their own is taken out
without permission
i didn't think you had it in you i'm
impressed you look really familiar have
we met
35 years ago father you asked me to come
down here to bless a couple who was
unable to have a child
you deserve someone as good as you
why are you so upset because i just
don't know if it's
real
stuff the plan is simple you
kill me i go down to hell interrogate
the professor get the formula and then
you bring me back
the only thing that's gonna save my life
is finding the antidote
this is your father's doing chloe is his
doing he put her in your path
so none of it was real don't i mean how
can i trust anything anyone
lucifer you here
detectives meet candy morning stuff my
wife
why would i be surprised you disappeared
after i almost died i manipulated him
i pushed him too hard i did so it's okay
to ignore her feelings feelings that
aren't real
but she doesn't know that which is why i
had to save her
from you what if i told you that the
flaming sword is
asriel's play the weapon that can cut
through the gates of heaven itself
we have everything we need
you